Hello everyone, Dmitry, and today I
tell you about the legendary shield drone
whose original bee is called
better not read wikipedia descriptions
more difficult personally I regretted it
There are two ways to calculate this.
available respectively without a girl and
easy on affordable way
get better in the heart of the desert cemetery
kill hunter help you start a for
easy to forest to kill the ancient or
ancient
In general, the start of the stress itself I advise you
choose an option without control of the cross i
as chance drop him drone 3
percent well did you understand the number up situation
complicates something else that you should not
perform the last story mission then
have kill wars and accrued here hands
no special effect on the bill at all
says fly like grandma it's all ours
localizers through one place because
what's not along the way about mohammed ali and
not heard and because it is correct
translated porhay as a butterfly in general
due to this effect
the shield has an extremely modest loan considering
but a very high recharge rate but
long recharge delay time
but a very large increase in damage with
one little correction
Bacha 1.2.0
reduced damage gain by about 10
thousand increased recharge delay on
two seconds or more and reduced speed
recharging approximately 7 business
Generally, if you follow all the rules
move like a ninja go shield always
charged one hundred percent you'll
receive tremendous damage to bring down the raid
bosses for 1 2 but if you run like
dog behind the fire truck all tank
then you will only die exactly on
this I say goodbye to you do not forget
write comments like
subscribe to the channel if it is not yet
did then give the channel to friends all
good luck everyone bye